Winchester first took on team bar
seconds on Monday nights with Winchester
looking to break the record for the most
consecutive bucks cup victories current
captain james knight played a key role
in last year's cup success was keen to
emphasise the importance of the game for
the university automatic we do i told
it's one of their biggest games ever
conceived in its national record your
win but it's against the teams above us
and leave our backs they're doing
wearing their league as well
unfortunately we're not doing too well
this season so I it's going to be a
holiday when Winchester must been
expecting the worst when bath gravity
goal against the run of play midway
through the first half the home side
began the second half though rather
brightly and Josh Finch very nearly
leveled the game after bar failed to
clear Danny Thompson's brush shot just
after the hour mark Winchester brought
on Lewis Clarkson in Gary Krug to try
and give the team more width and it
didn't take long for the jury to make an
impact veteran wide player crook
gratefully tucking away Clarkson's low
cross with just 12 minutes left
the baths number nine appeared to have
broken Winchester hearts and sent his
side into the semis despite the heroics
of Steven Phillips in the Winchester
goal but the underdogs clearly hadn't
read the script and pegged back the away
side once again Clarkson neatly securing
his fourth goal of the season from the
transistor holders the game was destined
for extra time after a riveting 90
minutes of football and winchester
started extra time in superb fashion the
clarkson once again grabbing the lights
with that seemed hardly weighted shot
his teammates clearly delighted with the
turnaround for the drama wasn't over yet
the history student completed his
hat-trick after being teed up by night
his Winchester doubled their lead
possibly a hint of a deflection the
shots but Clark's and his teammates
didn't seem worried Winchester kept
moving forward in the second period he
crook almost scored the goal of the game
the post robbing us all of a wonder goal
before the keeper tonight Jake monster I
lucky girl the final whistle Clarkson
was mobbed by his teammates and
excitedly the team was there for all to
see in the post-match interview
a small newest well Daniel are winning
sports man-of-the-match scored a
hat-trick how does it feel unbelievable
Juden to us and day one I need to win
well not so Winchester reach the semis
breaking the bucs record in the process
micah smith for winchester news online